Initial commit of Ocient integration (ECOINT-49) (#2546)
DataDog/integrations-extras: ocient/README.md

# Agent Check: Ocient

## Overview

[Ocient][1] Hyperscale Data Warehouse is a data analytics software solutions company that enables all-the-time, compute-intensive analysis of large, complex datasets while optimizing for performance, cost, and energy efficiency.

With industry-standard interfaces like SQL and JDBC, Ocient makes it easy for organizations to interact with data within its platform.
The Ocient integration enables you to collect metrics related to query performance, disk usage, database tables, and more.

> 

Reviewer: Could you add 1-2 sentences about what value this brings to our mutual customers?

## Setup

> Follow these instructions to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Installation

> The Ocient check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you don't need to install anything else on your Ocient server.

Reviewer 2: Please add installation commands, similar to this Redis integration: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/redis_cloud#installation

### Configuration

To configure this check for an Agent running on a host:

1. Edit the `ocient.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][3]. For all available configuration options, see the [sample ocient.d/conf.yaml][4].

```yaml
instances:

- use_openmetrics: true  # Enables OpenMetrics V2

  ## @param openmetrics_endpoint - string - required
  ## The URL exposing metrics in the OpenMetrics format.
  #
  openmetrics_endpoint: http://localhost:<PORT>/metrics
```

2. [Restart the Agent][5].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][6] and look for `ocient` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][7] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Service Checks

Ocient does not include any service checks.

### Events

Ocient does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][8].

Reviewer 3: @eho1307 is Datadog supporting this? If no, let's plz put the partner's support contact info here.

Reviewer: cc @dd-dominic will be taking over this review. Confirming this should be replaced with Ocient's info.

Reviewer 2: Yes, this should reference Ocient's support. @ocient-cliimatta please update

# Agent Check: Ocient

## Overview

[Ocient][1] Hyperscale Data Warehouse is a data analytics software solutions company that enables all-the-time, compute-intensive analysis of large, complex datasets while optimizing for performance, cost, and energy efficiency.

> With industry-standard interfaces like SQL and JDBC, Ocient makes it easy for organizations to interact with data in Ocient.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
With industry-standard interfaces like SQL and JDBC, Ocient makes it easy for organizations to interact with data within its platform.
```

The Ocient integration enables you to collect metrics related to query performance, disk usage, database tables, and more.

## Setup

> Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Follow these instructions to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host.
```

### Installation

The Ocient check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you don't need to install anything else on your Ocient server.

### Configuration

To configure this check for an Agent running on a host:

> 1. Edit the `ocient.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][3]. See the [sample ocient.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `ocient.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][3]. For all available configuration options, see the [sample ocient.d/conf.yaml][4].
```

# Agent Check: Ocient

## Overview

[Ocient][1] Hyperscale Data Warehouse is a data analytics software solutions company that enables all-the-time, compute-intensive analysis of large, complex datasets while optimizing for performance, cost, and energy efficiency.

With industry-standard interfaces like SQL and JDBC, Ocient makes it easy for organizations to interact with data within its platform.
This integration enables your Ocient Hyperscale Data Warehouse to send metrics to Datadog, including metrics related to query performance, disk usage, database tables, and more.

## Setup

### Installation

1. Run the following command to install the Agent integration:

> - For the Datadog Agent v6:
>    ```shell
>    datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-ocient==1.0.0
>    ```
> - For the Datadog Agent v7:

Reviewer 2: This differentiation isn't needed since new integrations will only ship with current version (7+).
```suggestion
```
